{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri Light;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red68\green114\blue196;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19559}{\*\mmathPr\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\widctlpar\fi720\sl276\slmult1\cf1\expndtw10\caps\f0\fs52 Revisions for DreamGrid\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\ri720\sb100\cf0\expndtw0\caps0\f1\fs24 This is a high-level view of major changes. Revs such as 3.1 or 3.2 are releases and will trigger Update Is Available messages in the app. Anything with two digits such as 3.04 is a beta and will not trigger the Update Is Available Message.\par
\par
V3.35 Beta\par
Added Search to Load OAR and Load IAR (web)\par
Stopped a crash on Server 2016 if Publicity was blank.\par
Several Updater and Downloader changes so updates can be skipped. Updates are automatically downloaded to a zip file in the root folder. The next startup or Help->Check For Updates, it detects the fresh zip and asks if you want to update to that version. If yes, it brings up the Backup screen, then shuts down mysql and Apache, and launches an unzipper.   if you chose No, it will not prompt you again until the next version is ready.\par
\par
V3.34 Beta\par
When region is not running, speed up region click from 15 seconds to 1 second by using an async TCPCLient to probe the port.\par
Reset CPU usage to 90% instead of 75% for slow machines\par
Crash on Server 2016 when SetMyINI value is nothing.\par
\par
V.33 Beta \par
Can "always hide" region DOS boxes, "always show", or "hide when done" with an action.\par
\par
God Mode fixes where region overrides could get stuck on or off.\par
\par
Disable Residents fixes where region overrides could get stuck on or off.\par
\par
Lots of tweaks to region restart.\par
\par
Made it so the chooser and other important dialogs pop to the front. It was not really possible to edit two regions, before this. \par
\par
Can now add multiple regions at the same time without breakage.\par
\par
A Diagnostics log to show the details.\par
\par
Added uncaught exception error handler & logger.  See Error.log if it just quits.\par
\par
Use HTTP with redirects at server in case SSL fails.\par
\par
A new "Pausing" icon/state when Region Recycling is used. Restarts will be about 30 seconds now as there are two stages.\par
\par
Allow_osMessageObject and Allow_osGetNotecard set true for Satyr farming by non estate managers.\par
\par
Updates to Nuget repos such as ZIp and MySQL\par
\par
Updated Apache to latest version 2.4.41 so it can handle TLS1.3 if you want to add a SSL certificate.\par
\par
Generate graphic titles to all web-downloadable IAR and OARs. \par
\par
Reworked Cache on main server to load much faster.  My server's SSD needs upgrading due to all the 3D crap you peeps get for free.  Its 385 GB used out of 400. Eeep!\par
\par
SSL added to Hyperica.com content. What a pain.  Should be "Future-proof" for both SSL and non-SSL versions of Hyperica.com and Outworldz.com by not using SSL at all except thru server-side redirects.\par
\par
Moved failing HDD to SSD on @Debbie Edwards  Intel NUC last week, only to see it hang again and again this week.  Just finished building a new AMD Threadripper  2TB SSD Gaming PC for her.\par
\par
Checked every possible web access, and no, it does not break your grid if Hyperica or Outworldz.com is down.  Grid-wide Search and load OAR and IAR will obviously be offline.  Deal with it.\par
\par
Closing the settings form now closes all the child settings forms for garbage collection.\par
15X15-sized region was not selectable, and the settings defaulted to max of 4 if you looked again after a save.\par
\par
Tests DNS name when saved.\par
\par
V3.32 Beta \par
\par
Clicking the Clear cache button could cause a crash if the fsasset folder did not exist.\par
V3.31 Beta\par
\par
A major change in internal structure should speed up the region list and boot to be significantly faster. This also improves responsiveness due to fewer blocking loops.\par
New grids will get a set of regions at a random starting address. This greatly reduces the problem of teleport fails when hypergridding between grids where the regions are at the same X and Y location. You can't.\par
\par
Both the Metropolis map and the Google map use automagic to center the welcome region on the map.\par
\par
Avatar counts now match between the region list and the main form. It used to leave the last avatar count on the main form.\par
\par
If you hover on the Main form where it says N Avatars, you get a list of avatars and the region.\par
\par
Clicking an avatar name in the region list brings up a teleport to the avatar. This works best if the Viewer you are using was the last viewer you installed.\par
\par
Concierge announces the avatar Login/Logout in the DreamGrid console.\par
\par
Double start of Robust should be gone now. It was recursion and timing related.\par
\par
Opensimulator now uses UseCSJ2K for maps. This should reduce the number of warnings when making higher resolution maps.\par
\par
MAXprims has been tweaked when you set a override.\par
\par
The updater has been tweaked to be significantly faster. It runs in background and leaves a zip file of the proper revision in the root folder.\par
\par
Icecast did not get updated on Startup, but only when you saved the form. Moving the system to a new folder thus broke Icecast.\par
\par
Maps uses UseCSJ2K for fewer warnings.\par
\par
This version has a new var region preview map button. There is a button in Help where you select the region, and a button in the Popo up form when you click a region in the Region List.\par
\par
Clicking a region name in the Regions form no longer brings up the DOS Box. There is a View Console button in the popup.\par
\par
Changing the enable flag in Regions did not prompt "save?", if you just closed the region box.\par
\par
Cache clear happens much faster. Except for scripts. Nothing more I can do there as every script has to be examined.\par
\par
Selecting an OART showed the entire row selected. Now it is just the cell, Thanks AI Austin!\par
\par
\par
\cf2 V3.3 - This is a general release and is in the Automatic Updater.\par
\par
Opensim set to Released OpenSimulator version 0.9.1.1 Snail #7bdc408caca3. This changes some LSL constants so an automatic script cache clear will be done at first boot.\par
\par
Content menu Load Free Oar and Load Free IAR pulls data at startup with images, licenses, and names of all free OARS and IARS. \par
\par
Inworld restarts of a region are always buggy. Now set so any Inworld Restart shuts down the entire Instance. You must set the the Auto Restart capability of DreamGrid to restart the sim.\par
\par
Allow logins while scripts are loading which speeds up reboot.\par
\par
UbODE: convex shape type on normal prims and sculpts enabled, and MeshFileCache enabled (UBODE only)\par
\par
llCastRay set to V3 which Meshes prims for good accuracy in ray hit detection, handling basic and tortured prims, sculpts and meshes.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440\ri720\sb100 Uses ellipsoid, correctly sized avatar capsules.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Handles complex terrain, multi-prim objects and seated avatars.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Implements throttling and the status codes RCERR_UNKNOWN and RCERR_CAST_TIME_EXCEEDED, so LSL scripts need to handle these responses and RCERR_SIM_PERF_LOW.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\ri720\sb100\cf0\par
V3.299\par
New: Opensim updated to 066a6fbaa1 ("changes on lludp acks and resends", 2019-12-18) which hopefully will fix where you cannot see mesh and land when running a viewer.\par
\par
Bug: MaxPort function had a bug in it that caused an occasional crash when adding a region.\par
\par
Fix: Deregistering all regions was awkward to run as mysql had not been started.\par
\par
New: Region Popup now has a View Log button.\par
\par
Minor: An 'alert' was missing in one load oar \par
\par
Fix: Would never start a region if CPU > 75%. Was supposed to start after 1 minute wait.\par
\par
Minor: Added more checks for bad region numbers.\par
\par
Minor: Reduce region icon size to 20 px\par
\par
Bug: No single quotes allowed in DOS box names as the Windows handler cannot grab hwnd PID with a single quote in the name. Regions can have single quotes in them.\par
V3.298\par
Restart, Error handler, and Shutdown logic changes after a DreamGrid restart where it has to find and re-attach to each region. This fixes the CPU usage = 0 and other glitches in the Region list. These occurred when DreamGrid was restarted with regions already running and it could not find the Process ID.\par
Global and Local Search uses V3HG links which work inside Singularity and Firestorm viewer, Media On A Prim, and in Web Links. Many thanks to AI Austin and \par
Robust logging set back to INFO from DEBUG.\par
Ports are initialized sequentially only at boot. Adding a new region puts the port onto the end. This stops Region confusion when regions are added while system is running.\par
Regions > 4X4 in some cases would not load using the GUI.\par
Icecast port defaults changed to 8100-8102 for new users only.\par
Minor Start/Stopped button fixes when something goes wrong in a boot.\par
Icon size was off by 4 pixels in Region List which goofed up Large Screen mode\par
\par
V3.297\par
Teleport signs could be fooled into showing offline regions if a region had crashed or been stopped without a quit command. Now they have to be both enabled and booted, too.\par
OAR menus refreshed every hour from Hyperica/Outworldz \endash  no need to restart to get a new release of a Region.\par
Regions have an Override per region for Script Engine for X or Y Engine.\par
UBODE and Bullet are the remaining Script Engines\par
Diva Wifi updated to latest version which repairs problems in adding Default Avatars.\par
Load OAR 0.9 link was busticated.\par
New Categories for Publicity (and fixed the ones with commas).\par
Ports and Script Engines now show in Region Lists.\par
IF Apache is a service, leave MySQL running so PHP maps work.\par
\par
V3.296\par
Added a Log->Error Log to the menu. This log is the first place to look when it crashes. Its always been there, just not in the menu. Doh!\par
Changes to the way it detects the process IDs of running Opensim. Added a single class to monitor all of them. Hopefully, this will eliminate some of the odd things that have been reported that happen on occasion, such as not closing he DOS windows, but only on first boot.\par
MySQL now stops when you click Stop. This helps prevent MySQL corruption. If Apache is running as a Service, MySQL, PHP, and Apache are left running, even when you exit so your map and home pages will still appear. Diva Wifi Web page is part of Robust, so it will not.\par
Tweaks to the 4 icons, including a new Red X Error Icon.\par
Updated Licenses to some of the downloadable OAR files to be absolutely clear which ones are exclusive to the Outworldz.\par
\cf2 V3.295\par
\par
Opensim Release 0.9.1.1 2019-12-03 14:27 #5c5e4bd8304dbb607a mantis 8632: stop triggering Changed on just scale checks\par
\par
rm extra CRLF when first starting up and creating the first user.\par
\cf0\par
\par
V3.294\par
Publicity module (finally) lets you add descriptive text to your Hyperica Listing. Category setting where you can click one or more sections to appear in the new Destination Guide.\par
Fixed a lot of Unicode problems in Events and Search.\par
If a region responds when it is popped up onscreen after a click, make certain it also has a "running" icon.\par
Using Dot Net 4.6.1 (disabled legacy) features in Opensim since it is stable and the recommended setting. \par
Minor changes to Send keys to try to make the 'q' key more reliable on obsolete Windows 7 machines.\par
V3.293\par
Bird module DLL was missing. Could lead to a crash if you updated from an older version and enabled birds.\par
V3.292\par
Aborted release - multiple issues with German Translation due to a newline that caused it to make crash tinkly noises.\par
The Region List form could be opened more than once due to a missing line of code.\par
\par
V3.291\par
German Language translations by Ralf Burger, thank you!\par
Search module for local grids was broken. You need to add the path to PHP7 to the beginning of Path if you want to use local search. Global is fine.\par
A dozen more translations and some fixes for Globalization in forms for resizing. Unicode issues broke some things and could cause crashes.\par
Reordered the Search Menus to make better sense - thanks, Ai Austin!\par
Cleaned up all warnings about programming style that appeared in Studio 2019, so I can spot anything that might be important in the future.\par
Region List shows dashes (-) when the setting comes from the default, instead of a region override. This was only partly implemented before.\par
Implemented much more checking of human-entered values in places like the Birds form.\par
Added a Trouble shooting Guide to Help.\par
\par
V3.29\par
\par
You can click the round MySQL, Robust, Apache and Icecast status buttons to stop/start them. \par
Avatar count was different in different displays.\par
Half-dozen new language Translations.\par
Was possible to have a Null Reference Exception when Booting a region if Stop button was clicked at the right time.\par
Busy/Start/Abort button fixes. Clicking Busy will force an Abort when shutting down.\par
Catch as many individual errors as it can when reading region INI files. It complains with details of what to fix, and aborts the launch.\par
Fix check if MySQL is running so Estates and Avatars will appear in region list.\par
Sequential/Timer Boot before running a next region, not after.\par
Precise CPU graph with a 4-second running average for Sequential/Timer - makes it bobble around 75% CPU when booting.\par
Added freeware program to Help 'cports.exe' Which can show all ports that are in use to help troubleshoot anti-virus and port glomming applications.\par
Open firewall as a separate thread for speed. Firewall has to run only if you change a region port setting, by adding or deleting, or on first start.\par
You cannot HG between two identical region locations. New systems change the "Welcome" region location from 1000,1000 to a random number from 1000 to 2000 to allow Hypergrid to other grids that have 1000,1000 set. Also sets the map center to the Welcome region location, whatever it is. Additional regions are added 4 to the right of the highest region as it did before.\par
Catch user 'blank' entries in Regions and Maps Settings.\par
"Allow Level Gods" was unchecked in Region Form, as it is based on the other settings being a null string, not "False".\par
Removed some unneeded logging that slowed down the system.\par
Warn if region location X,Y < 32, not possible to be that low in HG sims.\par
Enable Edit Button in Region Popup only if region is stopped.\par
Abort Handler reworked to end a race condition that should prevent occasional extra warnings on crashed regions. Also much faster to restart and recycle.\par
Codemaid extension in Visual Studio settings are saved in Git for multi-system development. Codemaid is a great tool for making the source consistent, but you need the same settings on each machine.\par
A Warm start is when you start DreamGrid on an already running Robust and set of regions. DG located into the Robust and regions as if it had already started them. Warm Starts after a "Just Quit" did not populate region handles list. This is fixed so RAM will now show up. Should also allow us to catch a crash after a Warm start.\par
I spell checked this document, finally. :-)\par
\par
V3.28\par
Region List sometimes crashed the system when a race condition occurred after adding a region.\par
Region List now remembers the column widths for Detail view. \par
\par
V3.27\par
An Overall-Try-Catch in Application Events shows an error message and where the error occurred. Do not quit on an exception.\par
A missing or offline Welcome caused an issue - fixed\par
Added a Webstats button to region popup. It is enabled when the region is running\par
FSassets backup could cause a crash if folder did not exists\par
Suppressed several hundred warnings on Exceptions not being specific.\par
Remove compiled languages from git repo.\par
\par
V3.26\par
Added 20 different language translations for 700+ phrases, resized many forms and prompts and tooltips to fix\par
Added YEngine and XEngine Switch\par
\par
\cf2 V3.25\par
Disable region Auto Backup added to region Overrides\par
Drop a useless old images to reduce size of exe\par
God mode fixes galore, reset defaults in Region INI to blanks\par
Added Overrides to Region List Details for carious Gods, Publicity and to skip region Auto Backup\par
Teleport hop link updated to hop in region list as secondlife link no longer works in Firestorm 6 series.\par
Clear script cache automagically if Opensim version or hash changes\par
\par
V3.24\par
Updated to Released Opensim "0.9.1.1 Yeti "Server Release Notes" hash #defa235859889dbd". This is one patch past 0.9.1.0 for server release notes.\par
\par
V3.23\par
Teleport to a region from within DreamGrid in the Region Start/Stop popup panel. \par
Robust, Apache, Icecast and MySQL can be set to auto restart if they crash.\par
Update Mysq.Data.dll\par
Update Visual Studio 2017 to latest FXcops and reduce footprint on unused extension in Github\par
Removed embedded zip compressors for smaller footprint.\par
Drop unused icons\par
\par
V3.22\par
Shorten boot time by being smart about Firewall updates. On an extremely fast machine, it takes 9 seconds to get to robust start. Firewall took up 31 seconds more. Now it takes 0 unless you add a region.\par
Restart Robust, Apache, MySQL, and Apache if Auto restart is Enabled\par
\par
V3.21 \par
Saving a region and them immediately re-opening it did not show changes. The changes were saved to disk but not reloaded into RAM.\par
Rework the way ports increment from the starting number\par
Catch error in a crashed region that goes down while shutting down.\par
Strict type checking on some region variables. Integers, singles, and doubles versus strings.\par
Add Sean's latest Radio IAR to the free IAR collection\par
Y coordinate changed when X changed - was supposed to be region size.\par
God mode overrides fixed. They always overrode the global for Level 200 Gods to off, even if unselected.\par
Prevent a lower versus upper case issue if the puny human entered 'Autobackup'.\cf0\par
\par
V3.2 Release Rollup\par
A wrong "print" caused a crash when a backup was manually run.\par
Always use English culture until translations are available.\par
\par
\par
V3.197\par
Local Search in Settings did not 'stick;\par
Add Visual C++ 2015 installers for PHP7\par
Local search was broken by PHP7 - missing explicit ossearch directive\par
Fix up local search PHP to use "Metromap/includes/config.php" database include\par
\par
V3.196\par
Added Garry Beaumont's wrecked home Icon that shows when the Welcome region is disabled.\par
Missing PHP7 extension prevented PHP from making maps, links, or search.\par
Clearing asset cache when running did not work. It went to robust instead of the online regions. It worked if you were offline.\par
Added a Module for File/folder copy and delete to clean up warnings and catch all possible errors.\par
Apache Settings allowed both Local and Global search to be set. Now a toggle for one or the other.\par
\par
V3.195\par
New updater process loads files in background to a specific zip file. You can choose to ignore this version. It will re-prompt the next release. \par
Dot Net zip set back to be 1.11.0 to be compatible with older updater. This causes a crash in the DLL.\par
\par
V3.194\par
Big speed up on registering DYN DNS\par
Speed up Saving regions\par
Move Apache to its own setting.\par
\par
Metro Maps was missing an include\par
V3.194\par
Speed up Saving regions\par
Move Apache to its own setting.\par
Set Apache to only run programs in htdocs\par
Metro Maps was missing an include\par
\par
V3.193 \par
Unchecking Apache as a Service removes the service\par
Bug in Email prevented it from emailing confirmation of a new user\par
Bug in Settings caused Clear Cache button to crash\par
Cache setting added to enable viewer caches.\par
Iconic Zip DLL embedded in exe for updates.\par
\par
V3.192\par
Update PHP to PHP7\par
Add Home Icon for the Welcome region when it is booted\par
Detect running Opensim and add them to PID so we can stop them\par
Test with Joomla/JOpensim\line Refactors for Region Type, Usings, RobustDBConnection\par
\par
V3.191\par
Stupid Oops in Regions. Could not add a new region\par
\par
V3.19 \par
Updated manual for upcoming 3.2 release\par
Fixed glitch in V3.18 in Cloud Density\par
Disallow Foreigners switch added per-region. This lets you keep assets in your grid by disallowing assets to leave, yet allowing HG visitors to come and go.\par
Disallow Resident switch added per-region. This allows only Region Owners and Estate Managers in any given region.\par
Checked all IM vars against Opensim source and made minor changes they may help with the offline IM's getting stuck. Port 8003 should not need to be opened to allow IM's.\par
\par
V3.18\par
Export Checkbox in Settings->permissions to disallow export of prims from viewers. Default -> Allow\par
If an OAR is loaded into a Var region > 4X4, allow it.\par
Removed lots of warnings in Visual Studio 2019.\par
\par
V3.17 is a release candidate for V3.2, the official release that everybody gets a notice to update to.\par
There is no longer an "updater versus installer". For backwards compatibility, there are still two files on the web server, but they are identical. \par
If you want to start over with a blank database, you can just delete MySQL\\data and it will be rebuilt as a blank system\par
New background updater process.\par
"Welcome to " & SimName() & " , <USERNAME>") set for welcome message.\par
Build process is much faster by using a temp folder instead of adding and deleting from a zip. Also easier to audit.\par
Put back support for older TLS 1.0 protocols so older systems can update.\par
Console Commands did not always pop open the DOS window\par
Load OAR in some earlier versions was borked.\par
GDI+ error when changing Publicity Photo is fixed\par
Snapshot, MinTimerInterval, Disable Gloebits fixed in region Overrides\par
MYSQL speedup with a small cache: query_cache_size=8M\par
Compile instructions updated.\par
Add help for ServerType, thanks to Garry Beaumont\par
Access of shared member through an instance; qualifying expression will not be evaluated refactored\par
\par
V3.16 Beta\par
Search improvements for local and global search - sped up Datasnapshot interval, better HGV3 link that does not require a second click. Shows # hours each sim has been online in search, and dwell time (the Second Life visitor metric). \par
\par
V3.15 Beta \par
Opensim Snail dev master #38dbc0328881 2019-08-31 14:36\par
Ctrl-R Region Form also shows the Estate name for each region\par
Search: Lots of new things! Search is integrated into Hyperica.com. You can look for Objects Marked for search in any Outworldz gird, or just your own. Also, locate Parcels, Grids, and regions in grids. These are only shown if the region owner chooses to enable search and the Prim Owner, region owner, or parcel owner has cheeked the "Show in Search button".\par
Added a new variable to Opensim Datasnapshot module to allow all grids to be searched.\par
Disable Search button added to Viewer Search. If on, you can set it so your residents see local only, or globally Search all Dream grids.\par
Datasnapshot collector starts 5 minutes after a boot to speed up collecting assets for search. Runs every hour after that locally.\par
Some Settings would not be placed into the Region or Opensim.ini files when changed unless you did a restart. Most changes to settings now re-write the region so it will boot correctly.\par
Import Dreamworld and "regular" Opensim INI files button in the Region Panel would not work if the file name did not match the [name] of the region. Fixed.\par
Changed Voice Help URL to match new Vivox web page for signup.\par
Windows can return a null PID from Process(). It should wait until there is a PID before returning. But nooooo it does not, so I added a fix to Boot () to make sure we have a valid PID so we can minimize windows. This may explain whey sometimes it does not type 'q' in certain windows.\par
Slow down the tests on quitting to prevent spamming the console.\par
Add more UPNP exception catchers to cover more brain-dead routers.\par
Major refactor of defaults for all region params to stop weird crashes on imported or brain-dead INI files. For example, a sim size of 0 was allowed by Opensim INI files. duh\par
Setting a new Publicity Photo could kill a system if the Hyperica server is offline or unreachable. Improve error handling here. There should be no dependency on any of my servers, except for optional services such as DYN DNS or search.\par
Updated Apache to latest security SSL/TLS 1.2 and made it refuse all obsolete ciphers like TLS 1.0 and 1.1. Tested as not being vulnerable to any common attacks such as Heart bleed.\par
\par
V3.13 Beta\par
Repaired OsGrid and other region types that broke in prior beta version\par
Added a Disable Gloebits setting in region settings. This overrides the global setting if Gloebits are on.\par
Refactored a lot of internal settings to use native types and also set defaults for all variables in Regions.\par
\cf2\par
V3.12 Beta\par
Sped up Opensim using Ubit's optimized Dot Net bug fix for Windows 1903 and compiled with dev master #5b39860573 2019-08-02 12:13:53\par
Robust logging set to INFO, as it was too noisy in DEBUG\par
Added auto-updating Sitemap.xml for htdocs and bin/data\par
Added Web Statistics button for many statistics for each region in the Region Panel\par
Auto firewall setup was missing the second Icecast Port\par
Fixed an issue where Apache could not run properly on ports other than 80\par
Datasnapshot was not registering in Local Search mode, which broke Local Search, and used wrong http port if it was changed.\par
\par
V3.11 Beta\par
Aviworlds Region Server lets you attach to Aviworlds easily.\par
Added Restart Robust Button\par

\pard\widctlpar\li720\ri720\sb100\tx810 Added logic to catch UPNP errors on some machines/routers.\par
\cf0\par
V3.1 Released 7/29/2019\par
Backup no longer blocks operation of the system\par
Backup FSAssets, too.\par
Xbakes enabled\par
IM Offline works without having to open port 8003.\par
Firewall code typo put an extra Apache Http Port 80 in the firewall every start.\par
\par
\par
V3.06\par
PHP Maps and Search working for any MYSQL port. Older systems used port 3309 as 3306 was use by some for Sim-On-A-Stick or OsGrid/Metro.\par
Use port 8003 for Offline IM to fix a problem where IM's would loop endlessly in the Console\par
Save IAR was non functional when all the Handles got dropped.\par
Save IAR needs to find a running region. If the first region was found, the region was not popped up on screen. Old bug.\par
osGetGridGatekeeperURI enabled for teleport HUD by anybody.\line\par
V3.05 \par
Fixed doubled Auto teleports for Prim V2.5\line\par
V3.04 \par
Fixed a bug where the Auto Teleporters showed regions that are unmarked for teleports.\par
Opening Cache form with a lot of cache caused an exceedingly long pause. \par
Fixed a case where Apache may not start reliably. \par
\par
V3.03\par
Added Help for FSAssets.\par
Added more visible help button to all forms.\par
Flotsam Cache variables can be changed to reduce disk space usage. See Settings->Caches.\par
System Backup has options for each type of backup to make and includes FSAssets data.\par
Added MinTimerInterval to each region INI file. Smallest value you should use is 1/11 of a second, as that is Opensim's internal Frame rate. \par
\par
V3.02\par
Added Windows 1903 patches for Dot net 4.8 that caused many issues with MOAP, and changing land settings.\par
Checkbox to enable FsAssets - a disk based De-duplicating Asset File system. I recommend you start your regions one at a time so they will be properly de-duplicated one time.\par
Reworked Region/OsGrid server to allow regions to have their own IP address. Usually you do not need to do anything to run a region server except to\par
add the DNS name and change the setting. But this fails if the region server is on a different network. See Ports section Help for details.\par
Auto Teleports now support multiple region servers. Avatar counts will not work on Region servers - no access to the data unless you edit robust settings and grant access to the robust server with special MySQL commands.\par
Added a catch-all Error message handler for any missed exceptions to catch unexpected crashes.\par
Flotsam cache can be adjusted in size with a new panel.\par
Allow the Partners to work on region server. Also updated the Steam punk TP and set the partners prim to full mod/copy.\par
SupportViewerObjectsCache -= true explicitly to help with missing prims, theoretically this does nothing as true is the default. See {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=8516 }}{\fldrslt{http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=8516\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\par
\par
V3.01 \par
ExternalHostName added to the Port section for use on non-NATed Region servers.\par
Added Outworldz Teleport System V2.5.iar to the Local IAR. This teleporter supports more than 32 sims. Just change the description from 0 to 1, or 2 or 3, and reset the scripts.\par
Create Region Name could not be typed into at the ending. Trim() fixed. \par
Moved KillAll scripts towards end of boot, and made it run only once.\par
Lowered Cache sizes to 4 hr from 48 and made it adjustable.\par
\par
V3.0 \par
Functionally the same as V2.96 with some additional Help file tweaks.\par
\par
V2.96\par
Allow more than one LCD screen in the Auto re-positioner/resizer\par
Enable Xbakes\par
Server Visitor screens by Garry Beaumont in Local IAR\par
\par
God mode for level 200+ incorrect also set Region Owner gods to on.\par
\par
V2.95\par
Compiled with Opensim Master 6-8-2019 #38e937f91b08a2e52 \par
Helps fix prims not being seen \endash  if still losing them, lower your viewer bandwidth\par
Create inventory entries for textures uploaded with a model\par
MySQL could use up too many handles\par
Fixed %CPU to 2 digits on main screen\par
Databaseinfo.php and config.php are set automatically to match possible database user/password changes \endash  used in Search, examples, and maps.\par
Stop printing extra '0 regions running' while it checks them all, just stop.\par
Add Microsoft Runtime for Visual C++ 2012 32 and 64 bit\par
\par
\par
V2.94\par
Fix a case issue on Partners that broke partnering prim\par
\par
V2.93\par
Auto detect any loopback adapter named "Loopback", and set it up when the grid starts.\par
This set loopback adapters with the correct IP automatically.\par
V2.92\par
Correct the count of HG Avatars in Region List \endash  was showing only the 1\super st\nosupersub  one\par
Added a longer timeout to MySQL connections.\par
Drop Xbakes \par
\ldblquote real' check if sim is still shutting down by poking port.\par
\par
V2.91 \par
Fixed nasty bug on Regions that caused crashes when region was renamed\par
Icons change in region list for 1 or more avatars\par
Allow oSSetDynamic texture and other settings so Aine Caoime\rquote s (Anya Kee-vah) dance machine works for anyone.\par
Programmable Welcome Message on viewer screen\par
OsGrid and Metro support. \par
Comes with MSFT signed installers for Apaches' necessary DLL's.\par
Bug in 3X3 load oar fixed where two of the tiles has wrong coordinates.\par
Deletes all old DLLs that are not in the list 'dll.txt'.\par
Installs for Microsoft C++ 1012 32/64 bit which are needed for Apache.\par
A UUID could be zeroed out, leading to a crash.\par
\par
V2.90\par
Release of V2.89 with another DLL deleted.\par
\par
V2.89\par
Try-catch a possible crash on events load if Outworldz web site is offline. There should never be any dependencies on having an external PC running except for ns1.outworldz.net for dynamic DNS and that only applies to outworldz.net users. DreamGrid pulls a list of available OARS, IARs, and events from Outworldz.com web site periodically, and these are dependent on Outworldz.com being online.\par
Removed bin\\addins as it is old, unused, and may have old DLLS in it leading to mysterious crashes about log4net because log4net is now Dot net 4.6.\par
\par
V.28\par
Add Gloebit back in.\par
Delete 11 DLL's left over from ancient updates.\par
\par
V2.87\par
Compiled with Opensim Dev Master 4/24/2019 #11cad57c9cac5 \par
You should clear the script cache before starting this version as the large jump in Opensim code will likely lead to Script errors.\par
RegionReady set to localhost as Server2016 will run without Administrator mode.\par
\par
V2.86 \par
Patched to fix Sequential Start. If on, nothing happened to delay the next sim from starting immediately but it should have waited for the previous sim to boot first, then start the next region. If off, CPU less than 75% is needed before the next sim will start or stop.\par
\par
V2.85 \par
Link to web page takes you to {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://yourgrid:80where }}{\fldrslt{http://yourgrid:80where\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24  the large map is, or 8002, depending upon whether Opensim is running, and if you have Apache web server enabled. \par
Apache port is movable. If your ISP blocks :80, try :8000\par
Diagnostics loopback test reworked for Server 2016. \par
Icons fixed on Server 2016 by moving port 8001 to listen to localhost only.\par
\par
V2.84 \par
Search local or remote grids is now a global setting. Global is still being edited, as it has no grid info yet.\par
Paging, search, sort by columns in Search Objects.\par
Events re-added by a pull from Outworldz e very hour and on startup\par
\par
V 2.83\par
Apache 2.4 and PHP 5 added - may be enabled by a new switch in Web Control panel. You can run HTML and JavaScript with it or host your own Port 80 Web pages, assuming your ISP allows port 80.\par
Hypergrid.org\lquote s \ldblquote MetroMap\rdblquote  (large and small) added to the url http:://(grid):80/Metromap and to the Wifi Home Screen.\par
You can run 3rd party programs such as PhpMyAdmin, Strawberry Perl and other CGI programs by adding the application. \par
Perl examples for Template::Toolkit and DBIX::Class to manipulate the database are included in the Apache\\htdocs\\PerlExamples folder.\par
PHP Examples are in the Apache\\htdocs\\Search folder for Classifieds, Logging, Dumping Objects, Parcels, Regions, and Hosts.\par
Objects and regions marked as \lquote Show in Search\rquote  are Searchable in the Viewer (Ctrl-F in Firestorm). Requires Apache and PHP Switch to be enabled in Web Pages. Classifieds do not work yet.\par
Load OAR defaults to all options off.\par
New Auto-Restart on Crash switch enabled by default.\par
New Auto-Restart on Bulletsim Crash.\par
Memory leak plugged \par
Sort order sorted for X,Y and RAM in Region Panel by adding leading zeros.\par
Faster startup started faster by skipping phase II settings unless you have edited something.\par
Predefined Colored logs\par
Enable these colored logs by selecting Save on Exit option \lquote To File in Application Directory\rquote  \par
\par
2.82 \par
Disabling a region while shutting it down caused the Regions panel to not render.\par
Help always appeared for Load Oar 2X2\par
Added a PopUp for 1X1 so you can set more options.\par
Added back the View buttons to Regionlist and made them resize and re-position the list\par
\par
2.81\par
Add Memory used for each region to Region panel\par
Add RAM graph\par
Add Avatar, CPU and RAM to front panel\par
Save width for Main Form\par
\par
2.8 Release \par
2.79E = 2.8\par
\par
2.79A through E:\par
Avatar count shown on main form at upper right.\par
Prompts before shutting down if any avatars are in any region. So you can deliberately kill then all! bwuhahaha\par
Clear Caches was in Help, now is a Settings Button for consistency.\par
Baretail logging system with colorized text, live scrolling.\par
"View All Logs" loads all logs into Baretail as tabs. Baretail.exe in the root folder remembers them.\par
"View Region Log" fixed to show the DOS box log instead of the region, which only worked on the last region in a DOS box.\par
Scrolling text in Status panel.\par
Resizable main form.\par
CPU speed graph for last 3 minutes.\par
Improved PC firewall ports opened on start.\par
Turns off the DOS box Quickedit mode. If you clicked a DOS box, it paused which eventually crashes the sim. Works on Private or Public Networks, not Domain.\par
Regions panel added an Avatar view that shows a list of avatar names and the regions they are in. Double-clicking a name will start a teleport sequence to that avatar in your viewer.\par
Region Panel remembers the last view set, and will reappear after a restart if it was open. \par
Many changes to Recycling and Auto restart. More icons for recycling regions. Recycle up and recycle down are single blue arrows, Bootup and Shutdown are double Blue arrows.\par
\par
2.78\par
The Log viewer 'baretail' is included. It lets you colorize text, is zippy fast, and auto-scrolls to the latest entry, like Unix tail does.\par
Caps lock no longer interferes with console typing. I hate the Cap Lock Key. \par
Load OAR options: 2x2, 3X3 and 4X4 clickable forms, with options for UserName & ForceMerge & ForceTerrain & ForceParcel & Displacement\par
Will abort Normalize regions if region locations will go negative or zero in X or Y.\par
Repositioned Web Maps for better fit to normalized region\par
Log level for robust set to INFO, instead of DEBUG, less spam, more speed.\par
\par
2.77\par
Fix for Partners\par
Firewall Ports on PC are opened for you.\par
Robust 'create user' sent extra CRLF making it impossible to create the initial owner\par
\par
2.76\par
Blank DNS name needs no password, becomes LAN IP.\par
Restart Region patch\par
\par
2.75\par
Region Panel added some of the overrides and global region settings. These can be sorted as well.\par
Also, the Height and Width you last used are saved and restored.\par
Start/Stop/Restart All Buttons added to Region Panel\par
Region Chooser fixed to have New Name at top.\par
\par
2.74 \par
Teleports 2.4 fix - these do not spam the console. Does not require any settings to be set such as allow LSL scripts. \par
Allow LSL when checked, scripts lets you manually edit the Allowed IP Addresses in Opensim.proto\par
Start Regions Sequentially: Unchecked, the system starts a new region every few seconds. This can overwhelm the memory and CPU on slower systems.\par
UnChecked normally starts a new region if CPU is 75% or less. \par
Checking this box will start them one at a time and wait for it to boot completely. It will wait up to 3 minutes per region, then move on.\par
Changes to Icecast ports or settings did not 'stick' would not overwrite file.\par
More Help on Loopback, Regions, Start/Stop\par
\par
2.73\par
OAR file save would dump one region into all OARS. not just one\par
Sort Chooser screen\par
BaseURL was incorrect in some 2.72\par
\par
2.72\par
Simple Google HTML Map added to {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://localhost:8002/wifi/map.html }}{\fldrslt{http://localhost:8002/wifi/map.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\par
Allow only letters, numbers '.' and '-' in DNS names/IP Addresses\par
New User Home X,Y,Z: Users that create accounts on the web page will land at this spot on your Welcome region with their home set here so they can hypergrid back home.\par
Simplified INI constants updated from Jeff Kelly, thanks!\par
Suppress crash if Outworldz webserver is offline and you have Publicity checked - threaded apartment violation\par
\par
2.71\par
Improvements to Start/Stop/Edit/Restart popup - no more double clicking effect\par
Try catch in case any ports were blanked out\par
MySQL Region port set to same as MySQL robust port on initial startup.\par
Removed several duplicated licenses.\par
\par
2.7\par
Added AGPL license popup on first start\par
Added Startup Help on first run\par
Region Database can be set to a different machine and port\par
Clicking a region brings in region menu it to the foreground\par
Tab indexes set for Common Settings\par
Allow multi-instances. This means you can run two different folders at the same time. You must use different ports.\par
\par
2.69\par
"Run as Administrator" for the webserver because Icons would not change reliably. Now uses a webserver class. \par
Removed limit on number of regions. Was 100 to 200 before.\par
New "Deregister button" for region when two sims overlap.\par
New Rev 2.4 Teleports in the Local IARs that do not spam the console.\par
Log at INFO level for production use.\par
Many Auto Restart improvements. Recycle icon added. \par
Clicking a Region gives a context sensitive Start/Stop/Recycle/Edit form.\par
Console titles sometimes would not 'take'. Fixed for good.\par
Allow blank DNS name which means to use the LAN IP.\par
Add Vista compatibility, also 7, 8, 10.\par
Help-> "View All Logs" Menu.\par
Help-> "View Revisions" link.\par
Help-> "Clear Server Cache" sixes and informational messages.\par
Help-> "Help on Settings" Menu\par
\par
2.68\par
V4 updater and installer \par
rm broken OpenSim.Addons.AutoRestart.dll\par
Deregister region button in RegionForm\par
Hide Icecast if consoles are hidden\par
\par
2.67\par
Show robust Windows when console commands are sent.\par
Show Recycle Icons all the way down when auto restarting\par
\par
2.66\par
Recycle Icons when auto restarting\par
Data snapshot checkbox would not save\par
Saving a region popped it into a new DOS box. \par
\par
2.65\par
Icon fixes for speed\par
Console shows stats every 5 minutes\par
White Web page had bad color on edit and delete user buttons\par
Added help for publicity\par
\par
2.64 \par
Oops, reset MySQL Log size = 10M, not 2M, tweaks to buffers and threads\par
Stop trying to run if MySQL fails\par
\par
2.63\par
White pages look more like Black, only whiter!\par
Added a Help Menu for all internal help files\par
Help for Region List and many other modules\par
Speed up crash recovery in MySQL\par
Zip builder cleanup \par
Blank Database changes\par
\par
2.61\par
Console may be hidden when booted\par
Fix settings bug making a shortcut each boot\par
Do not auto restart if MySetting.AutoRestartInterval() = 0\par
Do not process login shutdown message in JSON - does not work and irritates the icons\par
Suppress possible error in Upload Image\par
Personality timer now running\par
Always upload photo if there is one \par
Doubled estate bug fixed in regions.\par
\par
2.59\par
Web timer set to 1 MS for speedier response\par
Added Publicity Form\par
\par
2.58\par
Help files pop up on form load, once.\par
Region type = Estate in viewer\par
Added many Help files \par
Autobackup went to wrong folder on Key files backup\par
\par
V2.57 \par
Setting page changed to discrete Form Buttons - no more Expert screen\par
Wifi pages has two themes: B&W or W&B with theme image\par
Add built-in Help pages \par
UpdaterGridV3 released with progress reporting.\par
\par
V2.56\par
Possible crash fix.\par
\par
V2.55\par
Faster exit of app when regions are combined\par
Print count of things cleared from caches\par
Do not stop MySQL if already running\par
Updates re-enable check for updates\par
Faster refresh of Region Form when something changes\par
 \par
V2.54\par
Suppress clutter - only one DreamGrid form of each type\par
Added a "backup critical files" to the Content menu - copies both Wifi folders, all Regions and MySQL\\data folder plus Settings.ini to Autobackup in a new folder by Date/Time\par
An Update prompts to make a critical files backup first.\par
Add Help Links for OAS and IARS and Technical Information\par
Fixed Region Gods switch not being displayed in Expert menu\par
Cache adjusted to save disk space and use a 1-minute RAM cache\par
Check for Updates sets Check flag back on.\par
\par
V2.53 \par
Stop crash in Check Post, make birds be REALLY disabled when it is off by renaming the DLL\par
\par
V2.52 \par
Click Ctrl R or Settings->Region brings the regions panel to the front unless it is minimized.\par
Auto restart can be set to low values if Autobackup is off. Otherwise it is set to Auto Backup interval + 0.5 hour to allow time for backup\par
Fixed issue where Auto restart did not always restart a region by running webserver and exit handlers on a timer\par
Prompt at exit to leave Opensim running.\par
Gifs should resize on large font machines.\par
Birds crash prevented on some sims by renaming OpenSimBirds.Module.dll to .bak.\par
Recompiled and signed all files\par
\par
V2.51\par
Forms remember their last moved-to position. \par
\par
V2.50\par
Form Region now set to full size - no more [More] Button\par
\par
V2.49\par
Some forms not set to Auto scale as DPI for high rez monitors.\par
More intuitive Click action on the Chooser form - Single click a cell selects the entire row, double click selects and OK's it.\par
\par
V2.48\par
Startup sometimes checked the wrong region port when starting an offline region.\par
\par
V2.47\par
You can create a New Group Name when installing a new region, or select an existing Group Name\par
Rename of region could throw an error on a blank name\par
Forms have Tab key reordered\par
Icons on all forms\par
Skip UPnP for Icecast if disabled (minor speedup of boot time)\par
Set INI for all regions, even if disabled, so you can start them at any time, add +1 to new regions ports\par
UPnP Manager try-catch on bad routers\par
\par
V2.46 \par
Could not save a region name due to a bad variable name\par
\par
V2.45\par
More graceful test of regions running at shutdown \par
Region settings for Physics, once set, would not unset.\par
\par
V2.44\par
Prim limits global setting was not being used. If Prim limits global is off, no prim limits are enforced\par
Set Ip to LAN IP if loopback test fails. Before it would still set WAN IP.\par
Set all region ports from base setting when a region is added or deleted\par
Deleting Caches no longer deletes script state.\par
\par
V2.43\par
Upgrade always set region ports to 8004, or 1 on new installs- now it uses the lowest port it finds or 8004.\par
Birds recompiled\par
\par
V2.42 \par
If Autobackup folder does not exist, restore the defaults.\par
Console logging lowered to INFO from DEBUG \par
Cryptographically re-signed all EXE and DLL's\par
Login URL exposed to get_grid_info had an extra space in it\par
Opensim.log now appears in each Region folder in each Group\par
Support > 4 TB HDD in MySQL\par
\par
V2.41\par
Tide High and Low Water levels were swapped\par
\par
V2.4\par
Fix crash in Birds on quit\par
200 region capacity\par
Progress bar fix\par
Stop Memory leak in HttpServer_OpenSim.dll\par
\par
V2.39\par
No need to enable "Allow LSL to reach the server" switch to use the teleporter\par
fix DNS names with :8002 and http://\par
\par
V2.38\par
Teleport IAR makes a Grid-wide Teleporter for the first 32 regions.\par
\par
V2.37 \par
Auto Restart interval for each Region Instance\par
Tides module lets you have working tides and floating objects that move with the water\par
Includes an IAR with a floating buoy\par
\par
V2.36\par
Regions auto-count up\par
\par
V2.35\par
God mode was always off and could only be enabled in regions.\par
\par
V2.34\par
Add an extra \{ENTER\} before typing commands\par
\par
V2.33\par
Single threaded updater - the multi-threaded version would not start a thread on some machinery.\par
Gloebits Sell enabled bug fixed by setting \ldblquote sell\rdblquote  true\par
Bird Startup Fix\par
More Region Error check\par
Maps shows a blank tile when off.\par
Maps in Region Panels match Global if set to default\par
No accept button for TOS needed.\par
Better map for Better map image\par
Tos does not require an acceptance\par
Birds have two on/off, one global and one for region\par
\par
Added a blank database for restart from Zero\par
\par
\par
V2.32 \par
\par
"Load Local IAR" and "Load Local OAR" menu items so you can quickly find your local OARS. These links scan the Outworldzfiles\\OAR and \\IAR folders for files.\par
\par
V2.31\par
\par
Explicit casts (warnings removed)\par
DataSnapshotCheckBox was not showing check on form load \par
Clicking Accept on TOS gave an error.\par
Default for Auto Restart set to off (0 minutes)\par
Force region to foreground when typing in commands\par
\par
V2.30\par
Made from OpenSimulator 0.9.1.dev.24df1086fa 05-24-2018 (same as OsGrid)\par
\par
Suitcase or No Suitcase? A suitcase protects your inventory from rogue grids. When you are on another grid, you can only access what is in your suitcase. You can now disable the suitcase and rez objects from anywhere in your inventory while on foreign grids.\par
Prim limits: Opensimulator can enforce a prim limit. Property owners can enable it to enforce MAXPRIMS on each parcel. MAXPRIMS can be set in each Region panel under 'More'\par
Data Snapshot for any prims marked as "show in Search". This replaces the broken Diva search. It works across all DreamGrids.\par
 - Prim Info (location, for sale, etc.) is sent to {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://hyperica.com/ }}{\fldrslt{http://hyperica.com/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24 . The actual search engine is under development. Enable this in Settings-Expert at bottom left corner.\par
 - Classified ad will soon be possible across the Outworldz.\par
Mail Exposed more SMTP email server settings than just Gmail.\par
Publicity Upload an image and description to Hyperica.com's Hypergrid list.\par
Region Fixes You can add a region and immediately start it. Or delete a region, and nothing will break. Clicking a region prompts you to start/stop. \par
Backups changed into separate robust and opensim.sql region files. \par
Clickable Console commands\par
 - Show lots of stats about any region.\par
 - User Management, Add, Show info\par
 - Log level management\par
 - Script On/Off Management\par
Auto-repair of port conflicts.\par
DreamGrid tracks Up/Down and avatar status for p to 100 regions.\par
Includes Opensimulator Source code and compile commands\par
HTML editor for TOS for web page\par
Blue 3-prim box icon!\par
\par
Modules:\par
 - Web stats module for grid ops\par
 - Server Release Notes Module by Fly Man adds these notes to Help About\par
 - Auto Restart Module by Fly Man. You can Auto Restart regions automagically with a timer. If no avatars are in the region, it will auto-reset periodically. This clears RAM used by visitors and helps maintain stability. 240 minutes (4 hours) is the default.\par
 - Birds Module by jonc and Jak Daniels: \par
\par
There is an IAR called !OpensimBirds.iar\rquote  in the top of the Free Avatar Parts menu. Click it to load into your master avatar, just like any other IAR. To use this, log in and rez a bird from Objects/OpensimBirds. There are two types, SeaGull1 and SeaGull2. Type this onto the region console:\par
\par
birds-prim SeaGull1 <enter> (or use SeaGull2, whichever bird you have put out)\par
birds-start<enter>\par
\par
 You should see a flock of birds fly around you and gather into a flock. \par
\par
 To make the birds auto fly, edit Outworldzfiles\\Opensim\\bin\\startup_commands.txt.example and add the same commands. Save the file as "startup_commands.txt" and restart the system. Your birds will start to fly immediately. This is System-Wide feature. To make it per-region, move the Birds.ini file into Opensim\\bin\\Regions\\<Groupname>\\<SomeRegionName>.\par
\par
Console commands:\par
\par
birds-start - Start Birds Flocking to region Welcome\par
birds-enable - Enable Birds Flocking to region Welcome\par
birds-disable - Disable Birds Flocking to region Welcome\par
birds-size <num> - Adjust the size of the flock to region Welcome\par
birds-prim <name> - Set the prim used for each bird to that passed in to region Welcome\par
birds-speed <num> - Set the maximum velocity each bird may achieve to region Welcome\par
birds-force <num> - Set the maximum force each bird may accelerate to region Welcome\par
birds-distance <num> - Set the maximum distance that other birds are to be considered in the same flock as us to region Welcome\par
birds-separation <num> - How far away from other birds we would like to stay to region Welcome\par
birds-tolerance <num> - How close to the edges of things can we get without being worried to region Welcome\par
birds-stats - Show birds stats to region Welcome\par
birds-framerate <num> - [debugging] only update birds every <num> frames to region Welcome\par
\par
Bird Module Author: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/jonc }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/jonc\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\par
For more information, see {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/JakDaniels/OpenSimBirds }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/JakDaniels/OpenSimBirds\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs24\par
}
 